Updating Documentation (#5)
concordnow/dockerized-idp-testbed: README.md

3- Build with `docker-compose build` (it's easier to use the command line than Intellij)

Since docker image /unicon/shibboleth-sp does not exist anymore in the Docker official repository. You will have to

> copy the image from someone's else machine and load it into your Docker. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
copy the image from someone else's machine and load it into your Docker. 
```

PS: Is the image file too large? Could we add it into the repo ?

Reviewer 2: We may actually need to update this to use the https://hub.docker.com/r/unicon/shibboleth-idp image now. But this will require a bit of work, should be a dedicated technical task ticket. Can you make sure it's created and talk about it to prioritize this with the BCM?

ERROR: Service 'php-cas' failed to build: The command '/bin/sh -c pear install -Z CAS-1.3.4.tgz  && rm /CAS-1.3.4.tgz' returned a non-zero code: 1
```
You may just remove ` RUN pear install -Z CAS-1.3.4.tgz  && rm /CAS-1.3.4.tgz` from `php-cas/Dockerfile`.
It will not affect SAML test bench.

If you run into ` mod_ssl error`, you may remove
```
RUN yum -y update \
&& yum -y install php mod_ssl
```

> from the file sp/DockerFile

Reviewer: If it can cause an error and it works without it, why not modify the file for everyone?

SP project does not seem to use SSL anyway

Author: Done
